hello everyone welcome to this new
delivery of the android section of your
point gamer today I bring you a
small review of some minecraft pocket
edition an excellent game I hope that a
everyone like it is a paid game in a
play but that's really worth it
to stay in order not to miss what
come and subscribe to not miss out on
nothing else
as we all know it in the version of
pc is an adventure game in which
let's incarnate a small miner with
who are we going to have to survive let's go
to have to create things, let's go
needing we are going to have to go
progressing also build different
tools we are going to see get
different materials and of course
we will be able to create everything that we
I felt like the truth, it turned out to be a game
excellent, I'm very surprised
similar it has with the pc version
a recommendation that I am going to make
Be careful with the nights if it is that
they play it in the survival mode
since it is usually filled with monsters there
as we are seeing the distance we have
to a damn kripper those who are going to
chase until tired
and if we kill each other and come very close
they will explode and they will break destroy
everything they have nearby and if they were
course they are going to kill us, I have a
zombie close the question because the truth
I liked the recommendation that
I'll give them when they start what
first they have to do is put together
I now have wood tools
stone let's vote this zombie
for pure fun to hit them
they have to touch you have to touch them
and in that way he manages to hit when
it just starts as I was telling you there are
hit with whatever they have to the
hand or with the same hand a tree and
gather wood to the first to be
slow and yes, but be calm
that is already progressing with the
tools is going to be faster a
once they have some wood
have to come here to these three points
that they see at the bottom and they're going to
where it says craft there in kraft first
that they believe in these little blocks
of wood and you will need one of these
of these pieces of wood
when they have their wooden blocks
they build a fretbox
with that kraft box to be able to create
many other things
once they are ready already
have something to do chris bell creepers
do not
my house is near
there is perfect as you come here I already have
made my little lairs
Now it's a little dark and I ask you
apology for that
but as I was telling you to start
damage the spider to scratch
to start a small den grows
and once they are in account they should
put the doors as they say
and what I recommend is that you create a
I'm going to show you, I'm going to create a
fret board
perfect for the team and place it
anywhere in the craft table eo les
I recommend creating a bed go
walking the map until
find some sheep and kill it together
to the wool and then create a bed for
that is going to serve you in the camera this is
for those who do not know minecraft
they simply come to their lair they close
the door of course if they do not have
block door with some block
of stone or wood whatever it is that
have
to hold the bed created and the
bed placed in its place but what
can see is quite dark it
they sleep
what will happen is that they are going to
wake up the next day when the sun is
up above then well no
monster is going to bother is something
very good so that when it gets dark
directly they come and they go to bed
sleep and then you can continue with your
I'm going to show you a little adventure
how is the world now that day
the truth is very, very good, I like it
very much as you see I did this little
tower to locate it then I can go out
to explore and whenever you see this tower
I will remember that here is close
small hour
As you can see we have different too
elements we have earth we have sand
water and rock and I have not finished too much
deep
if we check the kraft table , we're going
to be able to see that many things for
build
he named them and renamed them
This is a paid game on Google Play
but that the truth is worth a lot
pity is very entertaining and there is a lot to
do
I'm sure it's going to bring you
many many hours of entertainment
we will be able to play also in a way
online I am playing now in modes
simple player
good to know what happens when
the bugs come out in the sun
as they see when the monsters come out
Sun
they are going to die
the other zombie
let's see if we can make it out
let's go to sleep
let's see how nice he dies so I
die
good are women
nowadays the pc version is already
much more advanced there are many other
more things to do that I do have the
6 I keep it in mind but in general
game and the mechanics of the game is very
but very similar I think that you
should
buy it of course there are other ways
to get it but I recommend that
buy it so you can receive the
latest updates and give you a
try because the truth see soto was
excellent there is a lot to do there is a lot
to investigate there is much more to them
I could count but I do not want either
be revealing read all the details
of the game I want you to see it and
try it for themselves
he showed me excellent that I'm going to
keep playing a little more and I hope that
you like it and download it and
then they tell me that they thought I
for my part I will continue to play a
little bit more so I leave them so that
you continue
investigating this great game
thank you all now yes for your time
in the next delivery is bringing you
a short summary with the best
free andre games of the week
I also have some other games very
good to do the review so
I hope that if you have not subscribed
subscribe because I have is bringing
much more content also apart from
all this I'm preparing a bit of
gameplay of battlefield 3 and I have the
continuation of the gameplay together with
a lot of information from war 2 so
stay close because there is a lot
content to bring them and so that
Enjoy a greeting to all thanks for
its time and we'll see each other in the next